>> Brian Holt: So in this one,
I gave you a little helper tree up here,
you can kinda see.
And I also put it in alphabetical order so
you can see, it should come out A, B, C,
D, E, F, etc,, right, so, [COUGH] that's
what your traversal should look like.
You can see down here it expects
it to be A, B, C, D, E, F, G.
>> Brian Holt: And
here's what the tree looks like.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, and yeah,
I'm gonna give you let's say,
another 15 minutes to do this as well.
And then, we'll come back and
we'll do it together.
Just to tell you how many lines
of code I used to solve this.
>> Brian Holt: I think it's about 15-ish.
No.
>> Brian Holt: A bit less than that.
Let's go with closer to like nine,
ten lines of code or something like that.
More or less the same for
the recursive and the iterative.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, cool.
So I'm gonna give you 15 minutes.
And yeah, we'll come back and
talk about it.